# 1-1 FLEX 2023-10-09

[Overview](0-Overview.md) | [Next](1-2.md)

## FUNCTIONAL STRENGTH
> GOAL: RPE 7 | Kicking off a new micro cycle means using today to figure out the right loading to build on in the coming weeks. Yes, the tempo is slow, and yes, that means 4 seconds on the eccentric part of the lift. A slight incline means 15 degrees if you have an adjustable bench or one plate under the bench if you only have access to a flat bench. Tempo and mechanics are key here.

**10-10-8-8-6** (Rest 2:00 b/t Sets)<br>
Slight Incline Barbell Tempo Bench (40X0)<br>

## BODYBUILDING
> GOAL: RPE 9 | Tough Push/Pull here. Pronating means your wrists actually rotate from a neutral grip to a pronating grip as you press the dumbbells. Leave it all out there on the chest fly drop set, and then really focus on the quality of movement on the back and lat superset. Enjoy!

**4 SETS**<br>
- 8-12 Pronating DB Bench Press (Mod- Heavy)<br>
- Rest 1:30<br>
- 12-15 DB (or Cable Chest) Fly (Moderate)<br>
- Rest 1:30<br>
> After the FOURTH and LAST SET, drop some weight on the chest fly and go to failure, then drop some more weight and go until failure AGAIN.

**3 SETS**<br>
- Max Rep Pull-Ups (Use a band if you cannot get at least 6 reps)<br>
- Rest :10<br>
- 8-10 Supinated Barbell Bent Over Row (Mod-Heavy)<br>
- Rest :10<br>
- 12 Chest Supported DB (or Low Cable) Row (Mod)<br>
- Rest 2:00

## EXTRA CREDIT
> GOAL: Make those shoulders burn if you have the time to spare. Enjoy!

**4 SETS**<br>
- 15 DB Lateral Raise<br>
- Rest :10<br>
- Max Banded Pull Aparts<br>
- Rest 1:00<br>

[Overview](0-Overview.md) | [Next](1-2.md)
