# 2-1 FLEX 2023-10-16

[Prev](1-5.md) | [Overview](0-Overview.md) | [Next](2-2.md)

## FUNCTIONAL STRENGTH
> GOAL: RPE 7 | Build off the weight you hit last week while maintaining the same tempo and rest interval. The goal is to finish with a heavier of 6. A slight incline means 15 degrees if you have an adjustable bench or one plate under the bench if you only have access to a flat bench.

**10-8-8-6-6** Rest 2:00 b/t Sets<br>
Slight Incline Barbell Tempo Bench (40X0)

## BODYBUILDING
> GOAL: RPE 8 | Big back and big arms in the bodybuilding piece. Have fun with the drop set on the row and really squeeze out as many reps to failure. A little rocking to get the weight up is okay, but try to really squeeze the lats and earn the work! The tempo on the bar dips isn't a suggestion. Use a band if you need to.

**4 SETS**<br>
- 6-10 Ring (or Neutral Grip) Pull-Ups
- Rest :45
- 12 Bent Over Barbell (or Low Cable) Row (Moderate)
- Rest 1:30
> After the FOURTH and LAST SET, drop some weight on the barbell (or low cable) row and go to failure, then drop some more weight and go to failure AGAIN.

**3 SETS**
- Max Reps Tempo Bar Dips (30X0)
- Rest :10
- 12 Overhead DB Tricep Extensions (Mod)
- Rest :10
- 12-16 Banded (or Cable)Tricep Extension (Light)
- Rest 2:00 b/t Sets

## EXTRA CREDIT
> GOAL: A quick dirty EMOM to work the shoulders and the core. Cut back to 12 or even just 8 minutes if you are short on time.

**EMOM x 16 MINUTES**
- MIN 1 - 15 Lateral Raises (Moderate)
- MIN 2 - Max Dead Bugs
- MIN 3 - Max Banded Pull Aparts
- MIN 4 - :30/:30 Side Plank Hold

[Prev](1-5.md) | [Overview](0-Overview.md) | [Next](2-2.md)
