# 4-1 FLEX - 2023-10-30

[Prev](3-5.md) | [Overview](0-Overview.md) | [Next](4-2.md)

## FUNCTIONAL STRENGTH
> GOAL: RPE 9 | Second week of progressive overload through pre- exhaustion. Effort should be moderate on the first piece. For  second piece, the goal is still to build from what you did last week. A slight incline means 15 degrees if you have an adjustable bench or one plate under the bench if you only have access to a flat bench.

**2 SETS**
- 8-10 Tempo Bar Dips (30X0)
- Rest :45
- 12 DB (or Cable) Overhead Tricep Extensions (Moderate)
- Rest :45

**8-8-6-6-4** (Rest 2:00 b/t Sets)
- Slight Incline Barbell Tempo Bench (40X0)

## BODYBUILDING
> GOAL: RPE 9 | Big back and big arms in the bodybuilding piece. We are building off the loading we used in Week 2 of this cycle. Use a band if you need to on the pull-ups and dips.Really push the drop-set to squeeze out as many reps as possible.

**4 SETS**
- 6-10 Ring (or Neutral Grip) Pull-Ups
- Rest :45
- 12 Bent Over Barbell (or Low Cable) Row (Moderate)
- Rest 1:30
> After the FOURTH and LAST SET, drop some weight on the barbell (or low cable) row and go to failure, then drop some more weight and go to failure AGAIN.

**3 SETS**
- Max Reps Tempo Bar Dips (30X0)
- Rest :10
- 12 Overhead DB Tricep Extensions (Mod)
- Rest :10
- 12-16 Banded (or Cable)Tricep Extension (Light)
- Rest 2:00

## EXTRA CREDIT
> GOAL: A quick dirty EMOM to work the shoulders and the core. Cut back to 12 or even just 8 minutes if you are short on time.

**EMOM x 16 MINUTES**
- MIN 1 - 15 DB Lateral Raises (Moderate)
- MIN 2 - Max Dead Bugs
- MIN 3 - Max Banded Pull Aparts
- MIN 4 - :30/:30 Side Plank Hold

[Prev](3-5.md) | [Overview](0-Overview.md) | [Next](4-2.md)
